The Joe Rogan experience. China's scares the out of me. You know,
I was watching a video the other day of the week are Muslims and what they're
doing and rounding these people up and forcing them on trains. It's like,
it's terrifying. It's like, what are they doing?
And they have no accountability. They don't, they don't. No, no.
No. G G literally has set himself up.
We talk about Putin is saying himself as president for life.
And she literally has set himself up as president for life. Now, now,
if the Chinese economy, you know, go sideways in a big way, you know,
all bets are off, right. And he may not be as stable as he's been thinking,
but he spent years now, uh, strengthening and, and, uh,
um, building up the Intel apparatus within China, you know,
for his own purposes. Um,
and further moving away from this idea that somehow China was going to have a
rule of law. Right. I think that doesn't exist there. I mean,
they over the people of Hong Kong and we hardcore could have cared less. Right.
We were all, everybody was all upset and angsty and protesting about Hong Kong.
And, oh my God, we got, we stand United with the Hong Kong protesters.
And then we got, you know,
up our own asses because we're all rightly so worried about the pandemic and,
you know, oh, a guy with an election coming in November and, you know,
while we're all looking that way, you know,
she saw an opportunity and just them over. Right. And there's.
No consequences for us citizens. Yeah.
Yeah. That's just the, and there's really no consequence. I mean,
so far anywhere this, uh, you know, a few, you know, talks of sanctions and,
and, you know, some, but it doesn't mean anything.
Essentially use the pandemic to decide,
to impose the same sort of restrictive laws that they have in the rest of China
with Hong Kong, where Hong Kong used to be under British law.
And then was it 97 and transferred over to China? Yeah.
And it was going to be 2047 was kind of that, that was the,
the playing field they had in Hong Kong up until 2047.
Goofy deal. Did they negotiate where they gave it up in 97? So stupid.
Well, uh, yeah, I mean, they, they, they roulade, they, yeah, they didn't,
they really didn't have an option. So they felt that they were,
they were negotiating as best they could. Um, I, there was a sense, I think, uh,
at the time that look,
we either do this and guarantee some runway for the people of Hong Kong with
some, uh, pseudo democracy, a democracy, or, you know,
I'm trying to just going to say, you get the hell out. And it's ours.
I don't think China would have done that because look, they, they,
they need Hong Kong as a legitimate financial capital. Right.
But I think what's going to happen now,
given what they've just recently done is, you know,
they're going to turn Hong Kong at best into a,
a pass-through for hard currency basically. And you know,
you're going to see a lot of people moving out. Um, not just, you know,
not just ex-pats and, and, and, you know, financial institutions.
You're gonna see a lot of, of, uh, of the more, um,
successful, um, and, uh, uh, educated,
uh, Hong Kong citizens who are running businesses there who have been running
businesses, they're saying, it. It's not worth it. Um, and so, you know,
I think, uh, the Chinese, the China Chinese regime,
I think has probably themselves over in a way, but it's just an indication of,
of she's mindset, right? He doesn't, he doesn't really care. And,
and it's just like their buildup of military capabilities in the south Pacific,
uh, their work in, in cyber activity, um,
they're are continuing hoovering up intellectual property.
It's not going to stop, you know, I mean,
now if it's better that we do make an effort, it's better that we do, you know,
uh, put sanctions on them for a variety of reasons, including the Wiggers, but,
uh, will it change overall? Will it change their, their behavior? Probably not.
Yeah. It's so weird. So.
Weird to watch it happen. It's just, it's, uh, it's,
it's something that people weren't really terrified of 10 years ago.
They weren't worried about China taking over the world,
but now it seems like it's a real possibility.
Yeah. And in fact, they weren't, it wasn't that they weren't worried about it.
They were looking at China, like, you know, it, it, it's,
it's a great marketplace, you know, this is where we need to be now.
And you could argue the tech companies still do that. Right.
And the tech companies,
they don't look at China as a threat to national security.
They look at China as a, as a, as an opportunity. Right. And they,
they always have, so that explains in part, you know,
sort of their behavior towards, uh, the China Chinese regime.
Um, but yeah, make no doubt about it.
They she's got his eyes set on being at the top of the food chain. So,
you know, we can either deal with it or we can pretend it doesn't exist.
You think they're going to ban more companies the same way they ban Walway?
Um, well, it depends on what happens in November. Right. Um, I guarantee you,
the Chinese government would like to see Biden win and then, oh yeah,
absolutely. I mean, if, if, if, you know, as would, you know,
for their own reasons, um, I think, you know, and this was people,
people who,
who subscribed to the Trump as Putin's puppet will scoff at this idea, but look,
the Russians, I think, would prefer to see Biden win as well. Right. I mean,
they can get back to business as usual. Uh, probably ease up on the sanctions.
Um, you know, the, the left,
the hard left anyway has been very successful over the years at this,
this Russian narrative. Right. And, um, and fine, it worked for them.
You know, it spent three years in this, in this, uh, in pushing this,
this particular narrative. And, and, but I think, I think overall the Chinese,
the Russians, they would prefer to see someone like Biden come in. Uh,
I think they feel like it would be, uh, a more, uh,
collegial approach from the white house, uh, less confrontational.
Um, and I think that's just where we're at. Look, I mean,
you know, uh, bill, uh, bill gates, Bob gates, uh,
used to be the director of the agency. Right.
And he worked for a couple of administrations. Um, and yeah,
he said it himself, that Biden's never been on the right side of,
of a foreign policy decision. Right. So that's one area where, again,
going back to what we talked about earlier is, you know,
if he's going to choose a vice-president,
I'd rather he choose somebody who's got as much national security and foreign
policy experience as possible.
Cause I think that's one area where he's going to be lacking,
even though he says, oh, I've worked in foreign policy all my life.
It doesn't mean anything just because you were there doesn't mean you've got
good judgment or right. You know, anyway.
What do I know? Do you think that the,
the policies that Trump's put in place for China are actually beneficial to
United States? I think it's a good step. Yeah.
I do. I do, because it's put them on the back of the China. I mean,
it's put them on the back foot, right. That's not a bad thing. Uh,
made them a little less sure about, you know, what they're doing.
They've had to think about things a little bit more. They have yeah.
The sanctions. Um, I wish that we would sanction them hard for the Wiggers.
I wish we would sanction them very hard for what they've done in Hong Kong. Um,
I'd like to see that happen. I think what we're seeing now though,
is obviously the pandemic has deflected a lot of attention and also, uh,
you know, the closer you get to any presidential election, the less gets done.
You know, it just,
so I don't know that anything meaningful is going to happen over the course of
the next handful of months. Um, and who knows what the going to happen in,
in November.